Terms of Service

Last updated: 6/29/2023

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using Evelynn Discord bot ("us", "we", or "our").

By using Evelynn Discord bot, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, please refrain from using Evelynn Discord bot.

License and Use
Evelynn Discord bot is provided as is and is licensed for personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use the bot for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. By using the bot, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.

Bot Availability
We strive to provide a reliable and available service, but we do not guarantee that Evelynn Discord bot will be available at all times. We may perform maintenance or updates that may temporarily disrupt the bot's availability.

Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by law, in no event shall Evelynn Discord bot, its developers, or its affiliates be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, or other intangible losses, arising out of or in connection with your use of the bot.

User Conduct
You agree to use Evelynn Discord bot in a responsible and respectful manner. You shall not:

Use the bot to harass, threaten, or intimidate others.
Use the bot to distribute spam, unsolicited messages, or advertisements.
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the bot or its systems.
Privacy
Our collection and use of personal information is governed by our Privacy Policy. By using Evelynn Discord bot, you acknowledge and consent to the collection and use of your information as described in the Privacy Policy.

Termination
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend access to Evelynn Discord bot without prior notice or liability, for any reason, including without limitation, a breach of these Terms.

Changes to These Terms
We may update these Terms from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms of Service on this page. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically for any changes.

Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Los Angeles California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms of Service, please contact us at 010000001011e@protonmail.com.
